Improve Profiling changelog entry (#4767)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

- Add session replay id to Sentry Logs ([#4740](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/4740))
- Add support for continuous profiling of JVM applications on macOS and Linux ([#4556](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/4556))
  - [Sentry continuous profiling](https://docs.sentry.io/product/explore/profiling/) on the JVM is using async-profiler under the hood.
  - By default this feature is disabled. Set a profile sample rate and chose a lifecycle (see below) to enable it.
  - Add the `sentry-async-profiler` dependency to your project

>   - Set a sample rate for profiles, e.g. `1.0` to send all of them. You may use `options.setProfilesSampleRate(1.0)` in code or `profiles-sample-rate=1.0` in `sentry.properties`

Author: ```suggestion
  - Set a sample rate for profiles, e.g. `1.0` to send all of them. You may use `options.setProfileSessionSampleRate(1.0)` in code or `profile-session-sample-rate=1.0` in `sentry.properties`
```
